Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[gentle piano music]
[upbeat music and vocals]
[upbeat orchestral music]
[movie plays in background]
[man chuckles]
[gunshots from laptop]
[man laughs loudly]
[movie noise stops]
[man sighs]
[woman sighs]
[woman scoffs]
[melodic vocals]
[car racing video game playing]
[girl] Weee!
[woman] Okay.
[Bruno and girl exclaim]
[Bruno shouts and laughs]
Yaaaaah!
[girl] Hey mama.
[piano being played
in background]
[Laura] Yeah?
[Laura sighs]
[Bruno] Okay.
[Laura] Ahhh.
[heart squeaks]
[Laura laughs]
Okay.
-Okay.
-Yah.
[door closes]
[heart squeaks]
[Laura] Yah. yah.
[Laura exclaims]
[horn honks]
[horn honks twice]
[man exclaims]
[knocks on window]
[Laura] Yeah okay. Okay!
[Pippi] Thanks.
-[man] Thanks.
-[Laura] Thanks.
[horn honks]
[Laura sighs] Okay.
[upbeat music]
[Laura] Oh yah!
Yah. Okay.
Laura?
[Laura sighs]
[all] Hello.
[Laura coughs]
[Laura continues coughing]
[Kristof] Okay.
[all] Nay.
[upbeat music]
[Laura screams]
[window smashes]
[Laura gasps]
Okay.
Okay!
[Kristof] Laura?
[Bruno cries in pain]
[Laura gasps]
[phone rings]
[phone continues ringing]
[Laura's voicemail]
[Laura groans]
[phone calling]
[Laura's voicemail]
[Bruno chuckles]
[phone ringing]
[Bruno groans]
[tin can dings]
[man gasps]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[girls] Hello.
[doorbell chimes]
[Laura] Okay.
[Laura] Yah.
[both giggle awkwardly]
[Laura sighs]
[Pippi sings "Greensleeves"
in gibberish ]
[doorbell chimes]
[dog barks]
[girls laugh]
-[Bruno] Yeah. Okay.
-[Laura gasps]
Oh!
[hands bang on table]
[Pippi and Alice
fighting downstairs]
[bangs and glass breaks]
[girls cry]
Mama?
["Road To Nowhere" plays.
sung in gibberish]
Okay...
Okay.
[woman laughing]
-Hey ya.
-Yah.
[laughter and loud talking]
Shh...
[loud music from next cabin]
Nay.
[loud music. talking
and laughing continues]
[birds call]
[men laughing]
[gong chimes]
[group inhale]
[group exhale with gasps]
[Bjorg] Ommmm...
[Bjorg] Good!
[group laugh]
[group exclaim and laugh]
Okay. Okay. Okay!
-[woman] Hey! Hey!
-[group cheer and laugh]
[group laugh and cheer]
-[man] Bruno!
-Yah. yah. yah. yah...
[electronic dance music]
[Rufus growls and roars]
[African rhythms play]
[Bjorg roars]
[group roars and screeches]
[Bruno groans]
[Bjorg growls]
Yah.
[Bjorg] Laura!
[Bjorg moans and inhales]
[Laura] Huh!
Wow!
Yeah!
[both breathe heavily]
[Bjorg breathes heavily]
Nay.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[upbeat music]
-Hey Ah.
[Laura] Okay. Yah.
[group laugh]
[rooster clucking]
[excited clucking]
[pig oinks]
[group] Goodnight.
[Bjorg] Okay. okay.
[goat bleats]
[Laura] Yah. yah.
[Bruno] Yah. er...
[both laugh]
[soft calming music]
[goat bleats]
[group chant in unison]
[group] Weeeeee!
[crow screeches]
Yah?
-Yah.
-Yah?
[people softly chatting]
[gong chimes]
[rooster clucks]
[people chat and laugh]
Hi ya.
Okay?
[group laughs]
Ah yah.
[group laugh]
Huh?
[group exclaim]
[Laura] Yah.
Okay.
And...
-Yah?
-Yah!
[kissing]
-Huh?
-Yah.
[kissing]
[both moaning]
[goat bleats]
[both groan loudly]
-Oh yah!
Oh yah. Laura!
[Laura moaning loudly]
[Laura exclaims]
-Hi ya.
-Hey ya.
[goat bleats]
[gentle music]
[Laura] Bruno?
[bird call]
Yah.
[both moan]
[both moan and groan]
[phone ringing]
Oh yah?
[phone continues ringing]
Yah. Okay.
[Bjorg moans]
Oh yah? Okay. Yah. yah.
Oh! Yah. yah. yah.
[group humming in unison]
[group roar and scream]
[men scream and roar]
[Bruno screams loudly]
[men chant together]
[men exhale]
[Bruno chants and exhales]
-Okay.
[Bruno screams]
[Laura] Bruno! Bruno?
[group laugh gently]
[group laugh louder]
[group laugh very loudly]
[laughs and stops]
[laughs loudly]
[group laugh loudly]
[group exclaim]
[Margaret laughing]
[Bjorg on telephone]
[Bjorg speaking]
Oh. okay.
Thank you.
[music plays in background]
[Laura] Okay.
[funky music continues]
Okay! Okay! Yah. Nay...
Okay...
[Laura sighs]
[Bruno] Rufus!?
Nay. nay. nay!
Rufus! Rufus? Rufus...
[men groan and grunt]
[Bruno screams]
[gunshot]
[Bruno cries]
["Sea Of Love" plays.
sung in gibberish]
Hmmmm. Ahhh!
[Bruno retches]
["Sea Of Love" continues]
[goat bleats]
Fritz?
[music becomes discordant]
Fritz!
[goat bleats]
[gentle psychedelic music]
[Bruno sighs]
[Rufus mimics gunshot]
[Rufus laughs]
[gunshot]
[majestic music]
[gentle music]
[Bruno laughs]
[Bruno and Rufus laugh]
[goats bleat]
[Rufus yelling] Bruno?
Bruno!
[goats bleat]
[Rufus yelling] Bruno?
Yah!
[child giggles]
Okay.
[Bruno groans]
[Bruno yells]
[thud!]
Okay.
-Bruno.
-Bruno!
[Bruno laughs]
[insects chirp]
[goat bleats]
[Bruno grunts]
Yah!
[gunshot]
[goat bleats]
[gentle music]
Okay.
Nay.
[car engine sputters]
[continues to sputter]
[Laura exclaims]
[car engine fails to start]
[Laura screams and cries]
[birds call]
[gentle music]
[rooster clucks]
[taps on window]
[people chat]
[Bruno softly sniffs]
-Hi Laura.
-Hey Laura.
[car accelerates and brakes]
[Bjorg screams]
[car accelerates away]
[bus engine starts]
Okay.
[upbeat music]
["Time Of The Season" plays.
sung in gibberish]
Okay.
Okay!
[group] Yah. yah. yah.
Okay.
[group] Yah. Okay.
[group cheer and laugh]
[group chat and laugh]
[upbeat orchestral music]
[Laura breathes heavily]
[upbeat orchestral music
continues]
[group whimper and shiver]
Yah.
Okay.
[water splash]
[group exclaim]
[Bjorg grunts]
[Bjorg breathes heavily]
[uplifting orchestral music]
[group grunt and scream]
[upbeat orchestral music]
[group yell and scream]
[Bruno breathes heavily]
Ah.
-Oh yah?
-Yah.
Yah.
-Okay.
[Laura laughs]
[both laugh]
["Islands In The Stream" plays.
sung in gibberish]
[truck honks]